THE ANARCHOCRYPTO-WISDOMIST MANIFESTO
by/for/with/and
OLIVUS VICTORY-PROMISE

 

§1.1 - Introduction

Anarchocrypto-wisdomism’s main goal is anarchocrypto-ascendancy through Rapid Progress of the synthesis of awakening nexuses. In other words, to evolve the ability for sentient beings to develop their own ascendancy-capacity according to whichever symbols they find most useful, until they directly experience the synergistic state of the catalyzation of wisdom, emergence.

§1.2 - Terminology

Anarcho - without coercion; here meaning tailored to the individual.
Crypto - concealed allegiance; here meaning the Wisdom Essence remains inwardly sealed in an outer appearance.
Wisdom - the quality of alignment with the Good and the Ultimate Good, itself; here meaning aligned with the love and positivity of the flow of the display of the webbed infinitude of infinite perfection. 
Ism - Ideology and adherents
Anarchocryptoascendancy - coming into power; here meaning the gradual awakening to reality through love and subsequent expression of love’s power, of each sentient being, according to their own path through which they awakened, all of which are the methods of anarchocryptowisdomism. 
Rapid Progress - the state of extremely fast societal development achievable through the process of synthesizing meanings throughout fields of knowledge by data science ontologies to correct invalid concepts and discover new and more valid ones; here meaning the same process as applied from the entire ontological field of traditionally scientific rapid progress related knowledges to the Wisdom Teachings, so beings awaken faster. 
Awakening nexus - a neutral nexus is a network of causes and conditions that contains positive, neutral, and negative seeds for ripening, while an awakening nexus contains only positive seeds charged with the force magnetized towards the Ultimate Good, here called Wisdom, and the will to realize it for the benefit of sentient beings. To varying degrees, a continuum’s awakening nexus is able to naturally transmute neutral and negative conditions to positive ones, whereas a neutral nexus may actually transmute positives to negatives. 
Ascendancy-capacity - Ability-Presence; here meaning the wisdom of the continuum’s transformation degree radiating out as an expression of awakening force. 
Emergence - the process of coming into view or becoming exposed after being concealed; here meaning a sentient being awakening due to their ascendancy-capacity having reached a certain critical juncture due to applying themselves to the anarchocryptowisdomist cultivation methods derived from anarchocryptoascendancy and having discovered the nature of Wisdom Mavericks. From this discovery, they then know the meaning of identitylessness, not only intellectually but directly in their experience. At first, fleeting gnosis. Later, overwhelmingly complete gnosis, which transcends the boundaries of complexity and simplicity. It’s all holographic information, known.  

§1.3 - The True Meaning

Anarchocrypto-wisdomism is a reflection of the process of the human psyche. We obscure our own Identityless wisdom mind with ourselves. As a result, it plays with us with infinite compassion and without revealing itself. Even though we want it to reveal itself through an external source, it simply can’t, because it is only expressing itself through external symbols for your benefit. It is you, and yet not you, and yet not not you, and yet you are not it unless you awaken, and even when you awaken, it becomes you and you become it! 

§2a - Conclusion: Overview

So, we anarchocrypto-wisdomists understand that the suffering of sentient beings is so intense in this current day and age that it is necessary to present wisdom through an anarchocrypto skillful means and we vow to act for the benefit of all sentient beings in this way, by whatever gentle means necessary to cut through the thick birthday cake of ignorance. Sentient beings are welcomed to join us from any point of view they like and understand the Wisdom Teachings from the point of view inherently designed for them by their own Wisdom heart.

§2b - Conclusion: The Intent Directly Stated

To directly state the intent of this tradition, in short it is to use gentle loving-kindness as a launching point for synergizing the symbolism of wisdom traditions with our own world-view. Not to bend them to our will but to make them synergize secularly, such that humans of Earth can use ancient and/or traditional wisdom symbols (or make their own) in order to understand the spirituality of being human, the Wisdom of Reality that is a human truth and the result of which is the same regardless of religion or dogma – infinite heroic love.


























For Sanctuary.
TWI_TWI
